feat: support asset module (#684)
web-infra-dev/rslib: website/docs/en/config/lib/redirect.mdx

import styles from './index.module.less'; // source code ↓
import styles from './index.module.mjs'; // expected output
```

## redirect.asset

> When set to `true`, when importing resource files, the path will be rewritten to the corresponding JavaScript product file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the paths of imported resource files will be rewritten to the corresponding JavaScript product file.
```
